h1. madvertise iOS SDK

h2. Intro

The madvertise iOS SDK lets you monetize your iOS apps via advertising. Basically, the code sends http requests to the madvertise ad server and displays banner ads in various formats. You will receive 100 % of click generated revenues, as we commited in our [developer fund](http://www.madvertise-fund.com/).

h2. Features

h3. Data Transparency

* App Package Name
* Orientation
* Displayinfromation

Optional Data (needs to be actived in your app)
* Coordinates - the users last known location
* Gender
* Age

h3. Click to

* Google Maps
* Youtube
* Call

h3. Adwhirl Compatibility

Integrated interfaces for adwhirl compatibility.

h3. Download Tracker

Integrated download tracker to see live download statistics.

h3. Tablet creatives

Additionaly to MMA (between 120x20 and 320x53) and Medium Rectangle (300x250) creatives our SDK supports now

* 728 x 90 Leaderboard
* 768 x 768 Full Screen
* 766 x 66 iAd Portrait
* 1024 x 66 iAd Landscape

h3. Autoscale

* Creatives must autoscale to device resolution (Android)

h3. Ad Reload and Animation on reload

* Rotation left to right
* Rotation top to bottom
* Rotation 50/50 fading
* Animation can be disabled

h2. Preparations

* Install Xcode

* Install Git

* Clone this repository:
    
    git clone git@github.com:madvertise/madvertise-ios-sdk.git

* Sign up at "madvertise":https://app.madvertise.de/register
  * If you don't have already an account, please sign up.
  * Create an app and copy the token, it will identify the requests send to our ad-server.
  * The Sample SDK comes with its own token. You can use it during development and for testing.

h2. Sample App

The SDK comes with a an great example, how to integrate the SDK in your APP. You can find it at [PROJECT_ROOT]/MadvertiseSDKSample/ but it is easy to open MadvertiseSDKSample.xcodeproj. Please make sure to add the required frameworks / libraries and change the build settings accordingly to your development environment.

h2. Using the SDK

Use our "documentation":http://redmine.madvertise.me/projects/madapi/wiki/IphoneSdk for further information on how to use the SDK.

h2. About

madvertise is a mobile ad network, that enables developers to monetize their apps via advertising. Banners of various sizes can be placed on mobile websites or directly in applications. The latter is usually done with a SDK in form of a compiled library, that sends requests to an ad-server and display the mobile ad. So far, so good.

But apps are different, developers are, and so are the requirements and wishes, that developers have in order to include advertising in their apps. Additionally, it feels kind of strange, to use foreign librarys in your own code, without being able to actually have a look at the sources.

This is why madvertise decided to make all SDKs public as open source projects. We simply could not handle all the (we admit, pretty good) feature requests and suggestions that developers make. Well, we believe nobody can and that's why we want to share the code with the whole community and enhanced it together. You can adapt the library much more quicker to whatever fits best for you.

h2. License

The iOS SDK uses 

# TouchJSON, a library for parsing JSON data (https://github.com/TouchCode/TouchJSON), which is published under the MIT License (http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).
# AdWhirl. (http://code.google.com/p/adwhirl/source/list?repo=sdk-iphone), which is published under the Apache License 2.0 (http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

All other code is published under the Apache License 2.0 (http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
